Eating in the dining hall

Dining

Regular dining hours (fall and spring semesters)

Gerber Dining Center: 7 a.m.-8 p.m. Monday-Thursday; 7 a.m.-7 p.m. Friday; 9 a.m.-7 p.m. Saturday; and 9 a.m.-8 p.m. Sunday.

Brew by the Slough: 7:30 a.m.-8 p.m. Monday-Thursday; 7:30 a.m.-5 p.m. Friday; 11 a.m.-3 p.m. Saturday and Sunday.

Westerlin Market: 2 p.m.-midnight Monday-Thursday and Sunday; and 2-8 p.m. Friday and Saturday.

Gus's Snack Bar: 9:30 a.m.-2:30 p.m. weekdays.

Whether you want to enjoy a sit-down dinner with friends or grab a quick burger on your way to class, you'll find what you want to eat at Augustana.

Locations

Augustana's main dining hall in The Gerber Center for Student Life has individual marché stations to serve fresh, fast and made-to-order options. Choose from 
Chinese, Indian, Italian and Mexican food. Also vegetarian, soups and salads, seafood, burgers and sandwiches, desserts — and a variety of other dishes, depending 
on the day.

The Gerber Center dining room offers a four-week rotating menu. These menus are created at the beginning of each academic year by our talented staff.

Daily menus accommodate preferences and requirements for vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free and Halal foods.

Dining services also uses produce and meats from our on-campus Augie Acres and local farms, uses biodegradable containers, and partners with local growers to
 compost food waste.

Another great part about the dining center? It's right upstairs from the Tredway Library and the Learning Commons, so you can break for a meal in the middle of 
your studies.

If you're in the Gerber Center and just need a quick latté and bagel, you'll find pastries, grab-and-go food and coffee drinks (and an outdoor patio) in 
the Brew by the Slough. The Brew also provides a great setting for live performances by students and local musicians and comedians.

The Westerlin Market in Westerlin Residence Hall sells snacks and other quick needs every day and night of the week, and Gus' Snack Bar offers sandwiches and 
lighter fare for students hanging out in the Brunner Theatre Center, or just passing through.

